# HealthConditionPredictionusingEEGdata
A Model that uses supervised and unsupervised algorithms to predict health conditions, thereby making a semi-supervised approach.
A human brain is like a super computer. Just like a computer has a motherboard, humans have the brain. Each and every body part are connected to the
brain even the finger nails. The brain cells communicate via each other using the electric signals. These signals passed between the brain cells helps the brain
to determine the condition of the body organs. Different parts of brain release these signals based on the organ getting affected. These signals are studies using
a special test known as electroencephalogram a.k.a EEG. EEG test uses a set of metal disc (electrodes) to detect the brain waves (electric signals). These electrodes are placed on the scalp. Each electrode are placed and named which helps the operators to understand the set of electrodes to monitor in order to understand the condition of the person. This placement of the electrodes and naming of the electrodes determine the areas of brain that gets activated i.e. the part of brain that generated the electric signals and passes among the brain cells. Studying the cummulative data generated by this test helps us in determing the
health conditions of a person.
In today’s time, doctors and all medical professionals analyze this data themselves, which becomes a time consuming task. Also, the human error becomes a very non-negotiable factor in this case since lives depend on this data. Even a little miss-match in the data and analysis can cause a person to suffer severely. Hence, the main aim of this project is to automate this process of analysis and make the process simple and more accurate for the professionals and the patients. Also, this project will help the people to prevent any unfortunate circumstances since the model we are aiming to build in this project will predict the condition that might be most possible to occur based on the data. To achieve the best result, we will be building an AI model which will be using 2 types of machine learning algorithms viz. Supervised and Unsupervised learning.
The model will be a 2 step model. In this first step, the model will try to find the pattern among the data. This pattern will determine which part of the brain
is getting triggered. For this step we will use a clustering algorithm. Once the pattern in recognized and the model has clustered the data, it will use a classification algorithm which will classify the pattern of the data and tell us the health condition. The classification part becomes the second step of our 2 step model.
